**Alpha Beta Network Secure Python Code Manager License Agreement**

Version 1.0

© 2024 αβ.net (alphabetanet.com) - Alpha Beta Network. All Rights
Reserved.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**License Grant**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of the **Secure Python Code Manager** software and associated
documentation files (the \"Software\"), to use the Software for
personal, non-commercial purposes, including participation in open
testing of the published tools using the Alpha Beta Network cloud
platform, subject to the following conditions:

1.  **Use Restrictions**:

    -   **No Modification**: You may not modify (only renaming and
        compilation are allowed), alter, adapt, or create derivative
        works of the Software.

    -   **No Reverse Engineering**: You may not decompile, disassemble,
        reverse engineer, or attempt to discover the source code of the
        Software.

    -   **No Commercial Use**: The Software may not be used for
        commercial purposes without prior written permission from Alpha
        Beta Network.

2.  **Redistribution**:

    -   **Unmodified Copies**: You may redistribute copies of the
        Software in its original, unmodified form, provided that you
        include all copyright notices and this License Agreement with
        all copies of the Software.

3.  **Intellectual Property Rights**:

    -   All rights, title, and interest in and to the Software,
        including any updates, enhancements, and derivative works, are
        and shall remain the exclusive property of Alpha Beta Network.

4.  **Termination**:

    -   This License Agreement is effective until terminated. Your
        rights under this License Agreement will terminate automatically
        without notice if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this
        License Agreement. Upon termination, you shall cease all use of
        the Software and destroy all copies in your possession.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Disclaimer of Warranty**

**THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.**

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Limitation of Liability**

In no event shall Alpha Beta Network be liable for any special,
incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever arising out of
the use of or inability to use the Software, even if Alpha Beta Network
is aware of the possibility of such damages.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Governing Law**

This License Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the jurisdiction in which Alpha Beta Network is
headquartered, excluding its conflicts of law principles.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Contact Information**

For inquiries regarding this License Agreement or to request permission
for uses outside the scope of this license, please contact the Alpha
Beta Network Research Team:

-   **Website**: https://alphabetanet.com \| https://αβ.net

-   **Official Telegram Channel**: https://t.me/alphabetanetcom

------------------------------------------------------------------------

By using the **Secure Python Code Manager**, you acknowledge that you
have read this License Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound
by its terms and conditions.

**Additional Information**

Please note that any code uploaded to the Alpha Beta Network platform is
used solely within the framework of the functions described in the
project and solutions. Uploaded code is automatically deleted upon the
end of its usage or license expiration. We do not analyze the uploaded
code beyond what is necessary for network debugging and technical
issues, and we do not bear any responsibility to network users.

**Note to Users**

By participating in the open testing, you are helping us improve
the **Secure Python Code Manager** and the Alpha Beta Network cloud
platform. Your adherence to the terms of this License Agreement ensures
that we can continue to develop and offer advanced tools for secure
Python code sharing and protection.
